hey guys Sylvia Perez your welcome to
today's video in this video I'm gonna be
talking about what Google Ads maximize
clicks is and how you can go ahead and
use it so to get started go ahead and
hop into your campaigns tab in Google
Ads
and click on the campaign that you want
to set maximize clicks for now once you
click on the campaign go down to
settings and then under bidding this is
where you're gonna be able to change
your your bid strategy so to go ahead
just click change bid strategy and then
in the drop-down click maximize clicks
and this is where you can see all the
different automated bid strategies that
Google provides so we're gonna be
talking about maximize clicks so click
on that one and then you'll have the
strategy in place now to kind of give
you a brush up of what this is Google
Ads maximize clicks is an automated bid
strategy so automated being that Google
is gonna go ahead and set your bids for
you so the goal with this strategy is to
get as many clicks as possible so Google
is gonna use their advanced machine
learning to determine what bids to set
for your keywords in order for your ads
to get clicked as much as possible so
you can get as many clicks as possible
with this strategy now in the case that
that might scare you a little bit
because you don't want Google to just
blow away your budget trying to get you
as many clicks as possible
you can go ahead and set a bid limit and
then when you've set the bid limit
Google's gonna work within that bid
limit to make sure that you get as many
clicks as possible within that bid limit
you set so that's something to be
mindful of now why would you want to use
this strategy right why would we want to
maximize clicks we want to maximize
conversions right well a good use case
for this strategy that's worked for me
is if I'm just starting a new account
and I don't have a lot of data and I
want to get as much information as
possible when I get as much data as
possible as much exposure as possible I
like to use maximize clicks in the
beginning because that way I know my ads
are gonna get seen as much as possible
I'll set a bid limit that way it doesn't
get too crazy and then by getting all
this data in all this information and
that's possible then from there I can go
ahead and switch towards more something
more conversion focused like either
maximize conversions or target CPA but
in the beginning if you're trying to get
a lot
information I think maximize clicks is a
great way to go and you don't want to
necessarily start off with manual and go
through the initial learning curve of
finding the right bid you know bid
keyword level bids to have the right
balance between like exposure and
conversion that's where maximize clicks
would be really good so if you have like
a client for example or you are you just
starting your account and you want to
get your ads out as quick as possible
this is where maximize clicks really
comes into play I wouldn't say it's a
strategy that you should leave in your
account over the long term but then
again that's always something you should
test so this is just another tool in
your tool belt so go ahead and check
this out if this sounds interesting to
you and give it a shot and let me know
what happens so that's it for this video
hope you got some value from it if you
did please make sure to subscribe and
follow along and I'll see you next time
take care
[Music]